{"source_dataset":"AUG_GLM2","slice":"C","category":"storytelling","provenance":"none","question":"Which of the two endings is the most plausible correct ending to the story?\nChoices:\nA. By dusk the corrected leaflets lay in every porch on the ward, and Rosa finally sat down to a cold cup of tea.\nB. Rosa was elected to parliament herself on a wave of public sympathy for her printing error.","context":"Rosa had volunteered to deliver the campaign's leaflets for the county election, proud of her first proper job for the party. At the print shop she checked the artwork twice, but the polling station address on ten thousand copies carried a street name from the neighbouring ward. She discovered the mistake only when a returning voter phoned the committee room, and she stood holding the receiver while the agent asked how bad it was. She admitted the error at once and offered her Saturday to fix it.","targets":["By dusk the corrected leaflets lay in every porch on the ward, and Rosa finally sat down to a cold cup of tea."],"rationale":"Rosa owned the mistake and offered her Saturday, so a door-to-door correction drop is the natural outcome; a parliamentary seat for a leaflet error is absurd.","source":"augmented","source_id":""}
{"source_dataset":"AUG_GLM2","slice":"C","category":"storytelling","provenance":"none","question":"Which of the two endings is the most plausible correct ending to the story?\nChoices:\nA. He sat down to a quiet chamber, folded his creased notes away, and decided the silence was answer enough.\nB. The chamber rose in a standing ovation that went on for a full ten minutes.","context":"Elias had been chosen to move his first motion at the district council, a modest proposal about clearing the towpath of brambles. He wrote his speech out three times and practised it to the hall radiator. On the night, his notes slipped from the bench under the opposition benches, and halfway through he lost his place entirely. He looked at the mayor, then at his shaking hands, and closed the folder in front of him. The clerk waited with the minute book open.","targets":["He sat down to a quiet chamber, folded his creased notes away, and decided the silence was answer enough."],"rationale":"A nervous first-timer who loses his place and closes his folder finishes early and unnoticed, not to a ten-minute ovation.","source":"augmented","source_id":""}
{"source_dataset":"AUG_GLM2","slice":"C","category":"storytelling","provenance":"none","question":"Which of the two endings is the most plausible correct ending to the story?\nChoices:\nA. The returning officer read out the tie, and both candidates agreed to draw the name from the mayoral hat.\nB. The returning officer declared the count void and awarded the seat to the third-place candidate instead.","context":"The parish council election came down to the last ballot box from the island polling station, carried in by boat. Councillor Voss and the grocer, Mrs. Anand, had traded the lead all afternoon as the bundles were sorted. When the final box was opened, the tellers counted it twice and then a third time, because the two piles kept coming out level. The returning officer checked the sealed papers again and adjusted his glasses at the result sheet.","targets":["The returning officer read out the tie, and both candidates agreed to draw the name from the mayoral hat."],"rationale":"A dead heat is resolved by the established drawing of lots; handing the seat to a losing candidate has no basis in any count.","source":"augmented","source_id":""}
{"source_dataset":"AUG_GLM2","slice":"C","category":"storytelling","provenance":"none","question":"Which of the two endings is the most plausible correct ending to the story?\nChoices:\nA. The van sailed through the red light, and the ballot boxes bounced across the junction in the rain.\nB. The van rolled gently to the kerb, and the driver rang the depot to report the soft brake pedal.","context":"On polling day the council's oldest van was sent to collect the boxes from the village halls at ten o'clock sharp. Denis, the driver, had reported the brakes feeling spongy twice that month, and both times the depot had nodded and done nothing. Coming down the hill past the mill with the first boxes aboard, he felt the pedal sink almost to the floor under his boot. The lights at the bottom turned red against him, and a queue of cars waited on the crossroad.","targets":["The van rolled gently to the kerb, and the driver rang the depot to report the soft brake pedal."],"rationale":"Denis knew the brakes were bad and felt them fail on the hill, so easing to a stop and reporting it fits; sailing through a red light contradicts his caution.","source":"augmented","source_id":""}
{"source_dataset":"AUG_GLM2","slice":"C","category":"storytelling","provenance":"none","question":"Which of the two endings is the most plausible correct ending to the story?\nChoices:\nA. The committee granted the licence at last, and the smell of fried onions drifted over the fairground by dusk.\nB. The committee granted the licence at last, and Miriam was hired as the town's director of festivals on the spot.","context":"Miriam had organised the harvest fair's food stalls for nine years without a permit problem, but the new market officer wanted every stallholder's paperwork renewed in person. She spent two mornings queueing in the annex corridor with folders of forms, while the fairground rigs went up outside her window. On the third try the officer found a signature missing on the chip van's sheet and sent her to the back of the queue. Miriam borrowed a pen from the caretaker and completed it against the wall.","targets":["The committee granted the licence at last, and the smell of fried onions drifted over the fairground by dusk."],"rationale":"Completing the last form ends the paperwork struggle and lets the fair open as planned; an instant festival directorship is unmotivated.","source":"augmented","source_id":""}
{"source_dataset":"AUG_GLM2","slice":"C","category":"storytelling","provenance":"none","question":"Which of the two endings is the most plausible correct ending to the story?\nChoices:\nA. The count confirmed the lost deposit, and Tam wrote out his resignation from the association's committee that same night.\nB. The count confirmed the lost deposit, and Tam immediately began drafting his acceptance speech for the general election.","context":"Tam stood as an independent candidate to keep the local hospital issue alive, printing his own leaflets and speaking at four poorly attended hustings. His sister staffed the committee room, and between them they knocked on every door of two villages. At the count he watched his bundles come out thin, far behind even the minor party vote. The deposit threshold stood five hundred votes above his total, and the agents began packing their bags around him.","targets":["The count confirmed the lost deposit, and Tam wrote out his resignation from the association's committee that same night."],"rationale":"A heavy loss and lost deposit point to withdrawal and resignation, not to planning a bigger campaign immediately after.","source":"augmented","source_id":""}
{"source_dataset":"AUG_GLM2","slice":"C","category":"storytelling","provenance":"none","question":"Which of the two endings is the most plausible correct ending to the story?\nChoices:\nA. The mayor cut the ribbon with the station's old scissors, and the first train pulled out three minutes late as usual.\nB. The mayor cut the ribbon, and the railway company named a locomotive after him before the ceremony ended.","context":"The branch line's new platform had been promised for a decade, and the opening day finally arrived with bunting strung from the signal box. The mayor, who had pushed the scheme through three funding rounds, arrived in his chain of office to find the ribbon too short for the new canopy. The station master produced the scissors kept for such occasions since the last royal visit, and a small crowd of commuters gathered with their cameras. The 10:14 to the city stood ready at the platform.","targets":["The mayor cut the ribbon with the station's old scissors, and the first train pulled out three minutes late as usual."],"rationale":"A ribbon-cutting with a slightly late train fits the scene's modest reality; naming a locomotive mid-ceremony is a wild exaggeration.","source":"augmented","source_id":""}
{"source_dataset":"AUG_GLM2","slice":"C","category":"storytelling","provenance":"none","question":"Which of the two endings is the most plausible correct ending to the story?\nChoices:\nA. The petition box was found unopened in the basement, and the clerk promised to log every signature by the new year.\nB. The petition box was found unopened in the basement, and the council fined the clerk a month's wages on the spot.","context":"Petra had collected nine hundred signatures against the car park charges, wrestling the municipal ballot box of papers into the civic hall lobby. The chief clerk gave her a receipt and had the box carried down to the records basement, where it was set beside the Christmas decorations. When she telephoned a month later to ask about the hearing, no one could find any record of it. A junior porter was sent downstairs with the spare key and a torch, and after twenty minutes he called up the stairs.","targets":["The petition box was found unopened in the basement, and the clerk promised to log every signature by the new year."],"rationale":"Councils respond to a lost petition with an apology and a promise to process it; fining a clerk a month's wages on the spot is not how it works.","source":"augmented","source_id":""}
{"source_dataset":"AUG_GLM2","slice":"C","category":"storytelling","provenance":"none","question":"Which of the two endings is the most plausible correct ending to the story?\nChoices:\nA. The boxes were recounted in silence, and Mrs. Anand's majority rose by two votes.\nB. The boxes were recounted in silence, and the error turned out to be a teller's thumbs on the scales.","context":"Councillor Voss asked for a recount within the hour allowed, standing at the counting table with his agent while the hall emptied. The returning officer granted it for the three island boxes only, and fresh tellers began sorting the papers under the observers' eyes. Voss watched each bundle thicken or thin, his own pile edging up on the second box. Mrs. Anand's agent kept his eyes on the tally sheet and said nothing to anyone.","targets":["The boxes were recounted in silence, and Mrs. Anand's majority rose by two votes."],"rationale":"A careful recount of disputed boxes typically shifts a vote or two; thumbs on the scales is a figure of speech, not a finding.","source":"augmented","source_id":""}
{"source_dataset":"AUG_GLM2","slice":"C","category":"storytelling","provenance":"none","question":"Which of the two endings is the most plausible correct ending to the story?\nChoices:\nA. The envelopes went out with the wrong reply card inside, and Kwame spent his week off retrieving them door by door.\nB. The envelopes went out with the wrong reply card inside, and the party's national leader flew in to apologise personally.","context":"Kwame took over the association's membership drive when the secretary fell ill, learning the franking machine on his first morning. Five hundred renewal envelopes went out on the Tuesday, each with a reply card and a prepaid envelope, and Kwame felt pleased with his speed. On Thursday the first telephone call came: members had received cards bearing another branch's name and someone else's membership number. He pulled the master list from the drawer and checked it against the proof sheet, and his stomach sank at the stack already in the post.","targets":["The envelopes went out with the wrong reply card inside, and Kwame spent his week off retrieving them door by door."],"rationale":"A card mix-up in five hundred mailings means a tedious door-to-door retrieval; a national leader flying in to apologise is wildly out of scale.","source":"augmented","source_id":""}
{"source_dataset":"AUG_GLM2","slice":"C","category":"storytelling","provenance":"none","question":"Which of the two endings is the most plausible correct ending to the story?\nChoices:\nA. The notice stood corrected in the lobby window, and only four voters came to the wrong hall that day.\nB. The notice stood corrected in the lobby window, and the poll was rescheduled for the following spring.","context":"The returning officer's notice for the by-election gave the polling place as the school hall, as it had been for thirty years, but the school had closed in the summer. The caretaker of the new community centre pointed this out on the Monday, and a clerk was sent with fresh paper and a pot of paste. She covered the old notice in the lobby window and stamped the correction with the office seal, then telephoned the local radio to read out the change of venue before the bulletins ended.","targets":["The notice stood corrected in the lobby window, and only four voters came to the wrong hall that day."],"rationale":"A prompt correction and radio notice limit confusion to a few stray voters; rescheduling a statutory poll for a venue misprint is not done.","source":"augmented","source_id":""}
{"source_dataset":"AUG_GLM2","slice":"C","category":"storytelling","provenance":"none","question":"Which of the two endings is the most plausible correct ending to the story?\nChoices:\nA. The agent found the box of rosettes in the boot, and the team pinned up their colours in the drizzle with relief.\nB. The agent found the box of rosettes in the boot, and the election was declared invalid for want of them.","context":"Election morning began with rain and a hunt for the rosettes, the agent insisting they were in the committee room and the chairman equally sure they were in his car. The tellers stood ready at the stations with nothing to pin on, while the first voters came through the doors umbrellaed and unlabelled. The chairman jogged back through the wet to the car park and emptied the boot onto the tarmac, moving leaflet boxes aside. Under the spare wheel well, a cardboard box had slid out of sight on the drive over.","targets":["The agent found the box of rosettes in the boot, and the team pinned up their colours in the drizzle with relief."],"rationale":"Finding the misplaced box lets the team carry on as planned; rosettes have no bearing on an election's validity.","source":"augmented","source_id":""}
{"source_dataset":"AUG_GLM2","slice":"C","category":"storytelling","provenance":"none","question":"Which of the two endings is the most plausible correct ending to the story?\nChoices:\nA. The article ran on page eleven with a correction, and Julia's phone stayed quiet for a fortnight.\nB. The article ran on page eleven with a correction, and Julia's blog was syndicated across the national press by Friday.","context":"Julia, the council's youngest scrutiny officer, leaked nothing but wrote a careful blog post about the recycling contract's strange arithmetic. A regional journalist rang her twice to check figures, and she walked him through the spreadsheets line by line. The piece that appeared bore her quotes correctly but transposed two of the contract numbers, drawing an angry letter from the contractor's solicitor by the next post. The newspaper's editor read the letter, compared it against his reporter's notebook, and sighed at what he found there.","targets":["The article ran on page eleven with a correction, and Julia's phone stayed quiet for a fortnight."],"rationale":"A small transposition error yields a buried correction and brief quiet; national syndication of a local blog over it is fantasy.","source":"augmented","source_id":""}
{"source_dataset":"AUG_GLM2","slice":"C","category":"storytelling","provenance":"none","question":"Which of the two endings is the most plausible correct ending to the story?\nChoices:\nA. The speaker called the division, and the toll bridge charges were struck from the budget by nine votes.\nB. The speaker called the division, and the whole county council resigned in protest at its own budget.","context":"The budget meeting ran past midnight, and the toll bridge charges were the last item still contested on the order paper. Two rural members who had abstained all evening were cornered by the opposition benches during the tea break, and the chief whip counted heads twice before the bells rang. The speaker put the question in the formal words, and the members shuffled through the lobbies in their coats. The tellers stood at the doors with their tally cards ready.","targets":["The speaker called the division, and the toll bridge charges were struck from the budget by nine votes."],"rationale":"A contested late item ends in a counted division; an entire council resigning at its own budget is absurd.","source":"augmented","source_id":""}
{"source_dataset":"AUG_GLM2","slice":"C","category":"storytelling","provenance":"none","question":"Which of the two endings is the most plausible correct ending to the story?\nChoices:\nA. The ballots dried out in the station oven, and the count went ahead two hours behind schedule.\nB. The ballots dried out in the station oven, and the returning officer ordered a brand-new election by teatime.","context":"The box from the coastal ward arrived soaked, the boat having shipped a wave on the crossing, and its papers were stuck together in a sodden block. The returning officer refused to open it in that state, and the count supervisor rang the station master to ask about his drying oven. The papers were spread on the oven's warm steel trays, watched by two police constables and a party agent with nothing left to do but wait. In time the top sheets began to curl dry at their corners.","targets":["The ballots dried out in the station oven, and the count went ahead two hours behind schedule."],"rationale":"Drying the papers rescues the count with a delay; a drenched box does not trigger an entirely new election.","source":"augmented","source_id":""}
{"source_dataset":"AUG_GLM2","slice":"C","category":"storytelling","provenance":"none","question":"Which of the two endings is the most plausible correct ending to the story?\nChoices:\nA. Fred posted the bundles on time, and the few late replies trickled in over the following fortnight.\nB. Fred posted the bundles on time, and the boundary commission redrew the whole map to spare him the walk.","context":"Fred had walked the postal round for the county's most scattered farms for eleven years, and election mail was his heaviest week of all. The boundary consultation had to reach every registered address by law, and the sacks of booklets arrived at his depot on the last possible posting day. He loaded the van to the roof and set out in the dark, working the lanes until the last farm's light went on. The postmistress at the final hamlet stamped his sheet and poured him a cup of tea.","targets":["Fred posted the bundles on time, and the few late replies trickled in over the following fortnight."],"rationale":"Delivering the consultation on time simply lets replies trickle back; the commission would never redraw boundaries for a postman's convenience.","source":"augmented","source_id":""}
{"source_dataset":"AUG_GLM2","slice":"C","category":"storytelling","provenance":"none","question":"Which of the two endings is the most plausible correct ending to the story?\nChoices:\nA. The committee room fell quiet, and Bella let herself out with the unfilled rotas under her arm.\nB. The committee room filled with volunteers within the hour, and the party printed extra leaflets to keep them busy.","context":"Bella had promised the campaign ten door-knockers a night, but the sign-up sheet at the social evening brought three names and a joke. She rang the membership list one wet Tuesday, writing apologies in a shrinking column, while the election drew a fortnight nearer. On the third night she opened the committee room on schedule, set out the maps and the clipboards, and made a pot of tea for whoever might come. The clock over the partition ticked past the starting hour, and the room stayed exactly as she had arranged it.","targets":["The committee room fell quiet, and Bella let herself out with the unfilled rotas under her arm."],"rationale":"Three names, apologies and an empty room mean the quiet, disappointing close; a sudden rush of volunteers contradicts every sign in the story.","source":"augmented","source_id":""}
{"source_dataset":"AUG_GLM2","slice":"C","category":"storytelling","provenance":"none","question":"Which of the two endings is the most plausible correct ending to the story?\nChoices:\nA. The badge turned up in the coat's lining, and Councillor Pike wore it to the mayor-making after all.\nB. The badge turned up in the coat's lining, and the council bought Councillor Pike a solid gold replacement as well.","context":"Councillor Pike had mislaid her chain of office badge somewhere between the cenotaph ceremony and the civic luncheon, and the chief executive was informed by memorandum. The mace-bearer searched the council chamber, the mayor's parlour, and the boot of the municipal car, finding only a glove and an old parking ticket. Her coat had gone to the dry cleaner's in between, and the cleaner was rung at his home. On the workbench, under the coat's re-stitched lining, his needle had met something metallic and immovable the day before.","targets":["The badge turned up in the coat's lining, and Councillor Pike wore it to the mayor-making after all."],"rationale":"A badge caught in a coat lining is recovered and worn; a solid gold duplicate from the council is fanciful.","source":"augmented","source_id":""}
{"source_dataset":"AUG_GLM2","slice":"C","category":"storytelling","provenance":"none","question":"Which of the two endings is the most plausible correct ending to the story?\nChoices:\nA. The register ran out at the door, and the last voters used the emergency tendered ballot box instead.\nB. The register ran out at the door, and the presiding officer sent the remaining voters home until the next day.","context":"The students' quarter had been reorganised into a single polling district, and by half past six the station's marked register was wearing thin at every page. The presiding officer turned to the last stack and found forty names still unmarked and no further books on the shelf. A queue stretched down the steps under the porch lights, and the clock ran toward the ten o'clock close. He telephoned the returning officer for instructions, holding the receiver so the queue could hear his answers.","targets":["The register ran out at the door, and the last voters used the emergency tendered ballot box instead."],"rationale":"Electoral law supplies tendered ballots for exactly this shortage, so the queue votes; sending voters home for another day is unlawful.","source":"augmented","source_id":""}
{"source_dataset":"AUG_GLM2","slice":"C","category":"storytelling","provenance":"none","question":"Which of the two endings is the most plausible correct ending to the story?\nChoices:\nA. The hall stood empty on the night, and the candidates debated to an audience of the caretaker and a dog.\nB. The hall stood empty on the night, and the local paper ran the debate as its front-page scandal of the week.","context":"The husting had been booked for the largest hall in town, the agents expecting the hospital closure to fill every seat. Posters went up in the shop windows, the radio read the notice twice a day, and the candidates prepared their opening statements over the weekend. On the night a heavy fog came off the estuary early, and the buses ran an emergency timetable. The caretaker unlocked the doors at seven and put the heaters on, and the clock above the stage said five past by the time the chairman looked out.","targets":["The hall stood empty on the night, and the candidates debated to an audience of the caretaker and a dog."],"rationale":"Fog, cancelled buses and a late start mean a near-empty hall; an empty debate becoming a front-page scandal is implausible.","source":"augmented","source_id":""}
{"source_dataset":"AUG_GLM2","slice":"C","category":"storytelling","provenance":"none","question":"Which of the two endings is the most plausible correct ending to the story?\nChoices:\nA. The audit found the float two pounds short, and Dot repaid it from her purse to close the books.\nB. The audit found the float two pounds short, and Dot was escorted from the building by the police.","context":"Dot had run the association's whist drives and raffles for two decades, keeping the tin box in her sideboard between seasons. When the new treasurer insisted on a formal audit, Dot brought the box, the cheque stubs and a shopping bag of receipts to the church hall table. Two tellers worked through the evening, ticking items against the bank statements. In the last bundle, a raffle from the previous spring, the arithmetic came out two pounds adrift, and Dot frowned at the slip she had signed.","targets":["The audit found the float two pounds short, and Dot repaid it from her purse to close the books."],"rationale":"A two-pound gap in an honest volunteer's books ends with a quiet repayment; police escorting her out is a wild overreaction.","source":"augmented","source_id":""}
{"source_dataset":"AUG_GLM2","slice":"C","category":"storytelling","provenance":"none","question":"Which of the two endings is the most plausible correct ending to the story?\nChoices:\nA. The minibus reached the count at midnight, and the island's two boxes were stamped in just in time.\nB. The minibus reached the count at midnight, and the returning officer postponed the declaration for a week.","context":"The ferry strike had left the island's ballot boxes to travel by the coast road in the council minibus, a five-hour crawl in November rain. Two constables rode with the sealed boxes on the back seat, and the driver stopped twice to scrape the windscreen. At the count centre the agents waited with the returning officer, who could not begin the declaration without the islands. The hall clock moved toward midnight as the headlights finally swept the courtyard gates.","targets":["The minibus reached the count at midnight, and the island's two boxes were stamped in just in time."],"rationale":"Late boxes arriving at midnight are admitted and the declaration proceeds; a week's postponement over a late delivery is not plausible.","source":"augmented","source_id":""}
{"source_dataset":"AUG_GLM2","slice":"C","category":"storytelling","provenance":"none","question":"Which of the two endings is the most plausible correct ending to the story?\nChoices:\nA. The press officer read the statement out twice, and the lobby went back to the rain with their notebooks full.\nB. The press officer read the statement out twice, and the crowd carried him shoulder-high around the civic square.","context":"The candidate had lost her voice on the last day of the campaign, leaving the press officer to handle the declaration night scrum on the courthouse steps. He had three sentences prepared, checked with the agent, and read them from a card while the reporters cupped their recorders. None of the sentences answered the question about the boundary review, and the rain came harder as they asked it again. He read the card a second time, word for word as before, and folded it back into his pocket.","targets":["The press officer read the statement out twice, and the lobby went back to the rain with their notebooks full."],"rationale":"A terse no-comment statement read twice sends the press off unfulfilled; shoulder-high crowds for a press officer are fantasy.","source":"augmented","source_id":""}
{"source_dataset":"AUG_GLM2","slice":"C","category":"storytelling","provenance":"none","question":"Which of the two endings is the most plausible correct ending to the story?\nChoices:\nA. The new boxes swung the count the other way, and the agents demanded a full recount by breakfast.\nB. The new boxes swung the count the other way, and the losing candidate was arrested at the table on the spot.","context":"Three boxes from the university ward had been set aside over a query about damaged barcodes, and the returning officer ruled them admissible at one in the morning. The count hall had nearly emptied when the tellers broke the seals and began sorting again under the strip lights. The first box ran heavily against the leader, and the second doubled it, the agents craning at the tally board. The leading candidate's majority thinned on the board with each bundle that the tellers called out.","targets":["The new boxes swung the count the other way, and the agents demanded a full recount by breakfast."],"rationale":"Admitted boxes swinging a count lead to demands for a recount; arresting a candidate at the table belongs to no real procedure.","source":"augmented","source_id":""}
{"source_dataset":"AUG_GLM2","slice":"C","category":"storytelling","provenance":"none","question":"Which of the two endings is the most plausible correct ending to the story?\nChoices:\nA. The mural stayed half-finished for the winter, and the missing borough faced the sea as bare plaster.\nB. The mural stayed half-finished for the winter, and the council commissioned a marble statue to cover the gap.","context":"The town's millennium mural had been painted across the promenade wall, one historical scene for each old borough, funded by subscriptions collected at the spring fairs. The painter, an aged local artist, had finished five boroughs by the autumn gales, working from a scaffold lashed with fishing rope. The subscription fund ran dry at the sixth, and the collectors found the winter fairs cancelled for the storms. The painter packed his brushes, looked at the gap between the painted cloth and the bare wall, and told the committee what remained undone.","targets":["The mural stayed half-finished for the winter, and the missing borough faced the sea as bare plaster."],"rationale":"No money and winter storms leave the wall bare until funds return; a marble statue appearing to cover plaster is implausible.","source":"augmented","source_id":""}
{"source_dataset":"AUG_GLM2","slice":"C","category":"storytelling","provenance":"none","question":"Which of the two endings is the most plausible correct ending to the story?\nChoices:\nA. The seals were checked and passed, and the boxes went up to the count room under police watch.\nB. The seals were checked and passed, and the boxes were opened at once on the public counter.","context":"At the close of poll the presiding officer stacked the ballot boxes on the counter, each lid secured with the returning officer's waxen seals. The candidates' agents were invited, as the law required, to examine every seal before the boxes moved an inch. One agent held the nearest box to the window light, running a thumb along the cord where it crossed the wax, and set it down again with a nod. The constable signed the register of despatch and reached for his cap.","targets":["The seals were checked and passed, and the boxes went up to the count room under police watch."],"rationale":"Examined and passed seals mean the boxes travel sealed to the count; opening them on the public counter would break the very procedure just performed.","source":"augmented","source_id":""}
